Sit on my face
And tell me that you love me
I'll sit on your face
And tell you I love you too
I love to hear you oralise
When I'm between your thighs
You blow me away
Sit on my face
And let my lips embrace you
I'll sit on your face
And then I'll love you truly
Life can be fine if we both 69
If we sit on our faces
In all sorts of places and play
Till we're blown away
Hello, good evening and welcome
to the Ronald Reagan Memorial Bowl...
...here in the pretty little L.A. suburb
of Hollywood...
...where we're about
to witness all in wrestling...
...brought to you tonight, ladies and
gentlemen, by the makers of Scum...
...the world's first ever combined hair
oil, foot ointment and salad dressing.
And the makers of Titan,
the novelty nuclear missile.
You never know when it will go off.
Surprise your friends,
amuse your enemies...
...start the party with a bang.
Introducing, ladies and gentlemen,
tonight...
...all the way from a mud-wrestling tour
of the OPEC countries...
...in the red corner,
Colin "Bomber" Harris.
And ladies and gentlemen,
in the blue corner...
...all the way from a mud-wrestling tour
of the OPEC countries...
...Colin "Bomber" Harris.
Well, now, ladies and gentlemen,
this is the first time...
...that Colin "Bomber" Harris
has met himself.
A few formalities now.
Any moment now, we'll be ready...
...for the start of round one.
There goes the bell.
Colin moves
to the middle of the ring there.
He's looking for an opening.
Going for the handhold.
He's got it.
Into the head-squeeze.
A head-squeeze there.
A favourite move of Colin's
at this opening stage. Right now.
And already Colin is working on
that weak left knee of his.
The half Nelson.
Half Nelson
and a Phlladelphia Half Lotus.
And Colin bit himself
on purpose there.
And he has been given
a public warning by the referee.
And Colin did not
like that one little bit.
Double overhead nostril.
Back kick
and into the Boston Crayfish.
No, it's a Crawfish.
Or is it Langoustine?
It's the Langoustine. A lovely move.
He's caught himself by surprise...
...and that is the first fall
to Colin "Bomber" Harris.
Well, a lovely move there.
Colin must be pleased with himself...
...for having caught himself out
with that one. And a forearm chop.
A strawberry whip.
A vanilla whip.
Chocolate whip.
There it is, Colin's most famous hold...
...the one-leg,
over-shoulder Gerry Ford.
And Colin's in real trouble.
He's just made it to the rope.
Just a little lucky there. There it is.
A double Eydle Gorme. Should be able
to twist out of this.
And he does
but he's looking pretty groggy.
He's caught himself with two forearm
smashes and that is it.
Colin "Bomber" Harris
has knocked himself out.
And so he is the winner...
...and he goes on next week
to meet himself In the final.
Never be rude to an Arab
An Israeli or Saudi or Jew
Never be rude to an Irishman
No matter what you do
Never poke fun at a nigger
A spic or a wop or a Kraut
And never poke--
Michelangelo to see you,
Your Holiness.
- Who?
- Michelangelo...
...famous Renaissance artist
whose works include...
...the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel
and the celebrated statue of David.
- Very well.
- In 1514, he returned to Florence and--
All right, that's enough, that's enough.
They've got it now.
- Good evening, Your Holiness.
- Evening, Michelangelo.
I wanna have a world with you about
this painting of yours, The Last Supper.
- Oh, yeah?
- I'm not happy about it.
- Oh, dear. It took me hours.
- Not happy at all.
Is it the Jell
-O you don't like?
- No.
- They add a bit of colour, don't they?
Oh, I know.
You don't like the kangaroo.
- What kangaroo?
- No problem, I'll paint him out.
- I never saw a kangaroo.
- He's right at the back.
I'll paint him out, no sweat.
I'll make him into a Disciple.
- All right?
- That's the problem.
- What is?
- The Disciples.
Are they too Jewish?
I made Judas the most Jewlish.
No, it's just that
there are 28 of them.
Another will never matter.
I'll make the kangaroo into another.
- No, that's not the point.
- I'll lose the kangaroo.
- I wasn't perfectly happy with it.
- That's not the point.
There are 28 Disciples.
- Too many?
- Well, of course it's too many.
I know that, I wanted to give
the impression of a real Last Supper.
You know, not just any old last supper.
Not like a last meal or a final snack.
But, you know, I wanted to give
the impression...
...of a real mother of a blowout,
you know?
There were only 12 Disciples
at the Last Supper.
Maybe some of the other ones
came after--
There were only 12 altogether.
- Maybe some of their friends came by.
- Look.
There were just 12 Disciples
and our Lord at the Last Supper.
The Bible clearly says so.
- No friends?
- No friends.
- Waiters?
- No.
- Cabaret?
I like them. They help flesh out
the scene. I could lose--
Look, there were only 12 Disciples at--
I've got it. I've got it.
We'll call it The Last But One Supper.
- What?
- There must have been one.
If there was a last one, there
must have been a one before that.
So this is the Penultimate Supper.
The Bible doesn't say
how many people were there?
- No.
- There you are, then.
Look, the Last Supper Is a significant
event in the life of our Lord.
The penultimate supper was not.
Even if they had a conjurer
and a mariachi band.
A Last Supper I commissioned
from you, and a Last Supper I want.
With 12 disciples and one Christ.
- One?
- Yes, one.
Will you please tell me
what possessed you...
...to paint this
with three Christs in it?
- It works, mate.
- Works?
Yeah. It looks great.
The fat one balances
the two skinny ones.
There is only one Redeemer.
I know that. We all know that.
What about artistic license?
- Well, one Messiah is what I want.
- I'll tell you what you want, mate.
You want a bloody photographer,
that's what.
- Not a bloody creative artist to flesh--
- I'll tell you.
I want a Last Supper with one Christ,
...no trampoline acts
by Thursday lunch...
...or you don't get paid.
- Bloody fascist.
- Look, I'm the bloody Pope, I am.
May not know much about art,
but I know what I like.
Never be rude to a Polack--
Hello, and welcome to Munich
for the 27th Silly Olympiad...
...an event held traditionally every
three-point-seven years...
...which has brought
competitors from over...
...4 million different countries.
Here we are at the first event
of the afternoon.
The second semifinal of the 100 yards
for people with no sense of direction.
I'll just give you
the competitors' name once.
Skolomovski of Poland,
Zatapatique of France...
...Gropovich of the United States...
...Drabble of Trinidad,
Fernandez of Spain...
...and in the outside lane,
Bormann of Brazil.
Well, that was fun, wasn't it?
And now over to the other end
of the stadium.
Here, we're just waiting for the start
of the 1500 metres for the deaf.
And they're under starter's orders.
We'll be coming back the moment
there's action. Over to the swimming.
You join us here at
the Bundesabsurd Pool in time...
...10 see the start of the 200-metres
freestyle for non-swimmers.
Watch for the tough
Australian champion...
...Ron Barnett in the second lane.
We'll bring you back the moment
they start fishing the corpses out.
But now over to Hans Clegg for the
start of the marathon for incontinents.
Well, we've got an enormous entry
for this event.
Forty-four competitors
from 29 different countries.
All of them with
the most superbly weak bladders.
Not a tight sphincter in sight.
Ready to embark nevertheless
on the world's longest race...
...and they're just aching to go.
On your mark.
Get set.
And they're off, they're off.
Well, no, no, no.
We're back at the 1500 metres.
The starter is giving
a magnificent show.
We've had volleys, rapid bursts
scattered random fire, fusillades firing.
Well, and still he can't get
the buggers moving.
It's enough to make you
chew your own foot off.
And now the high jump. Katerina
Ovelenski for the Soviet Union.
But what a jump. What a jump!
That's got to be a record.
The 3000-metre steeplechase
for people who think they're chickens.
There's Samuelson
of the United States...
...and over there is Klaus
of East Germany.
A Rhode Island Red
the last three Olympics.
Here's the referee.
He's frightened them.
There's the leader,
Abe Seagull of Canada...
...who went off, got a good start
then settled...
...on the water jump,
and has now gone broody.
We're back with the marathon
for incontinents.
There's Polinski of Poland in the lead.
Brewer of Australia has taken over.
There's Laparche in front.
Brewer's got to spend a penny.
There's goes Brewer.
There goes König from Austria.
So now it's Alvarez of Cuba followed
by the plucky Norwegian, Bors.
They're in and out like yo-yos.
There's McNaughton.
The Scottish lad can't hold it.
Machlevic. Machlevic of Yugoslavia
has taken over. He can't hold it.
Well, well, these must be
the weakest bladders...
...ever to represent their country.
And now let's have a look back
at what's going on down on stage.
Good evening, ladies and Bruces.
- Hello, Bruce.
- Good day, Bruce.
- How are you, Bruce?
- What's all this lot, Bruce?
It's very nice to be here
at the Hollywood Bowl this evening.
We're all philosophy professors from
the University of Woolamaloa, Australia.
Australia, Australia, Australia.
- We love you.
- God bless her.
I teach Hegelian philosophy, Bruce
here teaches Aristotelian philosophy...
...and Bruce here is in charge
of the sheep dip.
- Difficult work.
- It's thirsty work watching this humour.
Bruce, why don't you stick out a few
little free samples from your Esky--?
Give these Americans our precious--?
See how awful they are?
Grasping and trying to get things?
You can feel morally superior
and smug.
There's one coming right over there.
Mind out.
A big one.
All right. Now, the reason we do this,
ladles and Bruces...
...is frankly, over here we find
your American beer...
...is a little like making love
in a canoe.
- Making love in a canoe?
- It's fucking close to water.
Piss.
We're gonna try and raise the tone
a little here...
...by singing a nice,
intellectual song...
...for those two or three
of you in the audience...
...who understand these things.
So here we go.
Immanuel Kant was a real pissant
Who was very rarely stable
Heidegger,
Heidegger was a boozy beggar
Who could think you under the table
David Hume could out-consume
Schopenhauer and Hegel
And Wittgenstein was a beery swine
Who was just as sloshed as Schlegel
There's nothing Nietzsche
Couldn't teach you
About the raising of the wrist
Socrates himself
Was permanently pissed
- How'd you like that? All right?
- Let's hold it a second.
I can see some of these Bruces
are in a bit of a playful mood tonight.
Some of the ones
that don't have straws up thelr nose.
Anyway, why don't we do
something rather fun?
Why don't we get some of these guys
to sing? And some sheilas too.
That's wise, I tell you.
- Show them the words.
- Okay. I got the words somewhere.
- Right.
- Ready?
Immanuel Kant was a real pissant
Who was very rarely stable
Heidegger, Heidegger was a boozy--
- They're a typical Hollywood audience.
- You're right.
The kids are on drugs.
All the adults are on roller skates.
Right on.
Very philosophical, Bruce.
Have we got anything bigger
to put the words up...
...for these
rather short-sighted people?
This is Bruce
from the Biology Department.
- All right. Okay.
- Here are the words. Here we go.
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
I'm afraid my walk...
...has become rather sillier recently.
It takes me longer to get to the office.
Now, what was it again?
Well, sir, I have got a silly walk.
And I'd like to obtain government
backing to help me develop it.
I see. Well, may I see
this silly walk of yours?
Yes, certainly.
Yes, I see. That's it, is it?
- Well, yes, that's it.
- Yes, yes, yes.
It's not particularly silly, is it?
I mean, the left leg isn't silly at all.
The right leg merely does a forward,
O'Brien half-turn every alternate step.
Yes, but I feel with a federal grant,
I could make it a lot more silly.
Mr. Stagback, the very real problem
is one of finance.
You see, there's Defence, Education,
Housing...
...Health, Social Security, Silly Walks.
All to get the same.
Last year, the government spent less...
...on Silly Walks than they did
on Industrial Reorganisation.
We were supposed to get 348 million
pounds a year...
...to cover our entire
Silly Walks Programme.
- Coffee?
- Yes, please.
Hello, Mrs. Two-Lumps, could we have
two cups of coffee, please?
- Yes, Mr. Teabag.
- Mad as a hatter.
You see, the Israelis already have
a man who can take his left leg off...
...and swallow it with every alternate
step, whereas the Japanese...
...cunning,
electronically-obsessed little--
Yes. Thank you, Mrs. Two
-Lumps.
You're very interested in silly walks,
aren't you?
- Rather.
- Right. Well, take a look at this.
Oh, I've had a bitch of a morning
in the high court.
Oh, I could stamp my little feet,
the way those counsellors carry on.
- Oh, don't I know it, love?
- Oh, dear.
Objection here, objection there.
That nice policeman
giving his evidence so well.
- Beautiful speaking voice.
- And what a body.
- Oh, yeah.
- Oh, very.
Well, after a bit, all I could do
is bang me gavel.
- You what, love?
- I banged me gavel.
- Oh, get away.
- I did.
I did my "silence in court" bit.
If looks could've killed...
...that prosecuting counsel
would have been in for 30 years.
- How did your summing up go?
- Oh, actually...
...I did it in my butch voice,
you know?
"What the jury must understand--"
And they loved it.
I could see that little curly-headed
foreman of the jury eyeing me.
- Really?
- Oh, yeah, cheeky devil.
I finished up with--
I got really strict.
"The actions of these vicious men
are a violent stain...
...upon the community.
And the full penalty of the law is
scarcely sufficient...
...to deal with their ghastly crimes."
And I waggled me wig.
- Waggled your what?
- I waggled me wig.
- Really?
- The only thing I waggled.
Ever so slightly.
Stunning effect.
Anyway, I gave him three years.
He only took 10 minutes.
Well, as I said to Melvin Belly
the other day, you know:
"You can put it in the hand
of your attorneys...
...but It'll never stand up In court."
I know what you mean.
Good evening.
Tonight on World Forum
we are deeply privileged...
...to have with us Karl Marx,
the founder of modern socialism...
...and author
of the Communist Manifesto.
Vladimir Ilich Ulyanov,
better known to the world as Lenin...
...leader of the Russian Revolution,
writer, statesman...
...and father of modern socialism.
Che Guevara...
...the Bolivian guerrilla leader...
...and Mao Tee-Tung, chairman
of the Chinese Communist Party...
...since 1949,
And the first question is for you,
Karl Marx.
The Hammers.
The Hammers is the nickname
of what English football team?
The Hammers.
No? Well, bad luck, Karl.
It is in fact Westham United.
Now, Che Guevara. Che.
Coventry City last won
the English Football Cup in what year?
I can throw the question open.
Anybody?
Coventry City last won
the English Football Cup in what year?
No? I'm not surprised you didn't
get that. It is in fact a trick question.
Coventry City have never won
the English Football Cup.
So now with the scores all even,
It's on to round two...
...and Lenin, your starter for $10.
Jerry Lee Lewis has had over 17 major,
solid-gold hits In the U.S. of A.
What's the name of the biggest?
Jerry Lee Lewis solid-gold biggie.
No? Yes, Mao Tse
-Tung?
-"Great Balls of Fire"?
- Yes, it was Indeed.
Very well challenged.
We come on to our third round.
Our contestant tonight is Karl Marx...
...and our special prize
is this beautiful lounge suite.
Karl has elected to answer questions
on workers' control of factories...
...so here we go with question
number one.
Nervous, Karl? Just a little.
Well, never mind, Karl. Have a go.
The development
of the industrial proletariat...
...is conditioned
by what other development?
The development
of the industrial bourgeoisie.
Good, yes, it is indeed.
Well done, Karl.
You're on your way
to your lounge suite.
Now, Karl, number two.
The struggle of class against class
is a what struggle?
- A political struggle.
- Good. Yes, it is indeed.
Well done, Karl.
One final question...
...and that beautiful, non-materialistic
lounge suite will be yours.
Ready, Karl? You're a brave man.
Your final question.
Who won the English Football Cup
in 1949?
The workers control the means
of production.
The struggle of the urban proletariat.
No, it was Wolverhampton Wanderers,
who beat Leicester 3-1.
Oh, shit.
Get out of here.
Well, no one leaves this show
empty-handed.
So we're gonna cut off his hands.
Well, now it's talent-spotting time,
ladles and gentlemen.
And please, see if you can spot
any talent in our next competitors.
Will you please give a very big hand
and a warm welcome...
...to Carl Weetabix and Rita.
I'm the urban spaceman, baby
I've got speed
I've got everything I need
I'm the urban spaceman, baby
I couldn't fly
I'm a supersonic guy
I don't need pleasure
I don't feel pain
If you were to knock me down,
I'd just get up again
I'm the urban spaceman, baby
I'm making out
I'm all about
I wake up every morning
With a smile upon my face
My natural exuberance
Spills out all over the place
I'm the urban spaceman
I'm intelligent and clean
Know what I mean?
I'm the urban spaceman
As a lover second to none
It's a lot of fun
I never let my friends down,
I've never made a boob
I'm a glossy magazine,
An advert on the tube
I'm the urban spaceman, baby
Here comes the twist
I don't exist
- Mr. Hilton?
Yes.
You are sole proprietor and owner
of the Whizzo Chocolate Company?
I am.
Constable Parrot and I
are from the Hygiene Squad.
We'd like to have a word with you...
...about your box of chocolates
entitled the Whizzo Quality Assortment.
- Good, yes.
- If I may begin at the beginning.
First, there is the Cherry Fondue.
Now, this is extremely nasty.
- But we can't prosecute you for that.
- Agreed.
Next, we have number four.
Crunchy Frog.
Yes.
Am I right in thinking
there's a real frog in here?
Yes, a little one.
- Is it cooked?
- No.
What, a raw frog?
We use only the finest baby frogs,
dew-picked and flown from Iraq.
Cleansed in the finest quality
spring water.
Lightly killed and sealed
in a succulent Swiss...
...quintuple-smooth, full-cream,
treble milk chocolate envelope.
And lovingly frosted with glucose.
That's as may be,
but it's still a frog.
What else would it be?
Well, don't you even
take the bones out?
If we took the bones out,
it wouldn't be crunchy, would It?
Constable Parrot ate one of those.
- Would you excuse me a moment, sir?
- Yes.
Well, it says Crunchy Frog
quite clearly.
Never mind that.
We have to protect the public.
People aren't going to think
there's a real frog in chocolate.
The superintendent thought
it was an almond whirl.
They're bound to think
it's some kind of mock frog.
Mock frog?
We use no artificial preservatives
or additives of any kind.
Nevertheless, I advise you in future
to replace the words "Crunchy Frog"...
...with the legend "Crunchy, raw,
un-boned, real, dead frog"...
...if you want to avoid prosecution.
What about our sales?
I don't give a damn.
We have to protect the public.
Now, what was this one? Number five.
It was number five, wasn't It?
Number five, Ram's Bladder Cup.
Now, what kind of confection is this?
We use choicest juicy chunks
of fresh Cornish ram's bladder.
Emptied, steamed,
flavoured with sesame seeds.
Whipped into a fondue
and garnished with larks' vomit.
- Larks' vomit?
- Correct.
It doesn't say anything down here
about larks' vomit.
Yes, It does. On the bottom of the box,
after monosodium glutamate.
I hardly think this is good enough.
It would be more appropriate...
...if the box bore a big red label
warning larks' vomit.
Our sales would plummet.
Well, why don't you move into more
conventional areas of confectionary?
Like praline or lime cream--
A very popular flavour, I understand.
--or Strawberry Delight?
I mean, what's this one?
Cockroach Cluster.
And this? Anthrax Ripple.
And what's this one?
Spring Surprise?
That's our speciallty. Covered
in darkest, velvety smooth chocolate.
When you pop it in your mouth...
...stainless steel bolts spring out and
plunge straight through both cheeks.
If people pop a nice chockle
in their mouth...
...they don't expect
to get their cheeks pierced.
In any case, it is an inadequate
description of the sweetmeat.
I shall have to ask you
to accompany me to the station.
- It's a fair cop.
- And don't talk to the audience.
Albatross.
- I'd like some.
- Albatross!
You're not supposed to be
smoking that.
Albatross. Don't take them.
- What flavour is it? What flavour is it?
- Sea gull sickle.
Well, I'll have a one.
Pelican bonbon.
- Albatross.
- Could I have two ice creams, please?
I haven't got any ice creams.
I've just got this albatross.
- Albatross.
- What flavour is it?
Well, It's an albatross, isn't it?
It's not any bloody flavour.
- Albatross.
- There's got to be some flavour.
- Everything's got flavour.
- All right.
Bloody albatross flavour.
Bleeding sea bird bleeding flavour.
Albatross.
- You got wafers with it?
- I don't have fucking wafers, you cunt.
- It's a fucking albatross, Isn't It?
- Stop that, stop that.
It's filthy.
Come along. Right now, we need you.
The one in the black...
...we need you for another skit.
You get off.
You're not even a proper woman.
- Don't oppress me, mate.
- What are you trying to do?
- Avoid registration or something?
- Bleeding sexist.
Just get off.
Come along, we need you for a skit.
No one enjoys a good laugh
more than I do.
Except perhaps my wife
and some of her friends.
And Capt. Johnson. Come to think of it,
most enjoy a good laugh...
...more than I do,
but that's besides the point.
Where's the other person for this skit?
Right.
Do you want to sit in that chair?
And to the skit.
Evening, squire.
Good evening.
Is your wife a goer?
Know what I mean? Know what I mean?
Nudge, nudge, know what I mean?
Say no more.
- I beg your pardon.
- Your wife. Does she go? Does she go?
Well, she sometimes has to go, yes.
I bet she does, I bet she does.
Say no more, say no more.
Know what I mean?
Nudge, nudge.
- I'm afraid I don't quite follow you.
- Oh, follow me, follow me.
That's good. That's very good.
A nod's as good as a wink...
...to a blind bat.
- Are you selling something?
- Selling, selling. Very good indeed.
You're wicked, you are. Wicked.
Wicked.
Say no more.
But I--
So your wife's interested in sport?
She likes sport, yes.
I bet she does,
I bet she does.
As a matter of fact,
she's very fond of cricket.
She likes games? Likes games?
Knew she would. She's been
around a bit. She been around?
She has travelled, yes.
She's from Glendale.
Say no more.
Glendale, squire. Say no more, say
no more, say no more, say no more.
Well, I--
Is your...?
Is your Glendale wife interested
in photography?
- Photography?
-"Photographs?"...
...he asked him, knowingly.
- Photography?
- Snap, snap, grin, grin, wink, wink...
...nudge, nudge, say no more.
- Sort of holiday snaps.
- They could be.
They could be taken on holiday.
Swimming costumes.
Candid, you know?
Candid photography.
No, we don't have a camera.
Still.
Look. Are you insinuating something?
Oh, no, no, no. Yes.
- Well?
- Well, I mean, you're--
You're a man of the world, aren't you?
- You've been around, you know?
- What do you mean?
Well, I mean, like, you've--
You know, you've, like...
...you've done it, you know?
You've slept with a lady.
Yes.
What's it like?
Good afternoon and welcome to
a packed Olympic Stadium Munchen...
...for the second leg
of this exciting final.
And here come the Germans now,
lead by their skipper, "Nobby" Hegel.
They must start favourites.
They've attracted the most attention...
...from the press
with their team problems.
And let's now see their lineup.
The Germans playing four-two-four,
Leibniz in goal.
Back four: Kant, Hegel, Schopenhauer
and Schelling.
Front-runners: Schiegel, Wittgenstein,
Nietzsche, Heidegger.
And the midfield duo of
Beckenbauer and Jaspers.
Beckenbauer obviously a bit
of a surprise there.
And here come the Greeks, led off
by their veteran centre half Heraclitus.
Let's look at their team. As you'd
expect, it's a more defensive lineup.
Plato's in goal.
Socrates, a front-runner.
And Aristotle as sweeper.
Aristotle, very much the man in form.
One surprise is the inclusion
of Archimedes.
Here comes the referee...
...K'ung-fu-tzu, Confucius
and his two linesmen:
Saint Augustan
and Saint Thomas Aquinas.
And as the two skippers come together
to shake hands...
...we're ready for the start
of this final.
The referee, Mr. Confucius,
checks his sound.
And they're off.
Nietzsche and Hegel there.
Jaspers, number seven on the outside.
Wittgenstein there with him.
There's Beckenbauer.
Schelling's in there,
Heidegger covering.
Schopenhauer.
And now it's the Greeks.
Epicurus, Plotinus number six.
Aristotle. Empedocies of Acragus,
and Democritus with him.
There's Archimedes.
Socrates. There he is, Socrates.
Socrates there, going through.
There's the ball, there's the ball.
We'll be bringing you back to this...
...exciting contest the moment
anything interesting happens.
- Very passable, this.
Very passable.
Nothing like a good glass of Chateau
de Chasselas, Josiah?
Oh, you're right there, Obidiah.
Who would have thought
...we'd all be sitting here drinking
Chateau de Chasselas?
We were glad
to have the price of a cup of tea.
A cup of cold tea.
- Without milk or sugar.
- Or tea.
- In a cracked cup was all.
- Oh, we never used to have a cup.
Woe used to have to drink
out of a rolled up newspaper.
The best we could manage
was to suck on a piece of damp cloth.
But, you know, we were happy
In those days although we were poor.
Because we were poor.
My old dad used to say to me:
-"Money doesn't bring you happiness."
- He was right.
I was happier then and I had nothing.
We used to live in this tiny, old,
tumbledown house...
...with great big holes in the roof.
House?
You were lucky to live in a house.
We used to live in one room,
all 26 of us.
No furniture,
half the floor was missing.
We were all huddled together
in one corner for fear of falling.
You were lucky to have a room.
We used to live in the corridor.
Oh, we used to dream of living
in a corridor.
Would have been a palace to us.
We used to live in an old water tank
on a rubbish tip.
We got woke up every morning
by having a load of rotting fish...
...dumped all over us. House?
When I say house,
it was just a hole in the ground...
...covered by a sheet of tarpaulin.
But it was a house to us.
We were evicted
from our hole in the ground.
We had to go
and live in a lake.
You were lucky to have a lake.
There were 150 of us living
in a shoebox In the middle of the road.
Cardboard box?
You were lucky.
Woe lived for three months in
a rolled up newspaper in a septic tank.
We used to have to get up at 6:00
and clean the newspaper...
...go to work down the mill,
...for six pence a week.
And when we got home...
...our dad would thrash us to sleep
with his belt.
Luxury.
We used to have to get out of the lake
at 3:00...
...clean the lake, eat hot gravel,
work 20 hours a day at the mill...
...for twopence. Dad would
beat us around the head and neck...
...with a broken bottle if we were lucky.
Well, of course we had it tough.
We used to have to get up
in the middle of the night...
...and lick the road clean
with our tongues.
We had to eat half a handful
of freezing cold gravel...
...work 24 hours a day
for four pence...
...and when we got home...
...our dad would slice us in two
with a bread knife.
Right.
I had to get up at 10:00 at night
half an hour before I went to bed.
Eat a lump of cold poison,
work 29 hours a day down mill...
...and pay mill owner
for permission to work...
...and when we got home,
our dad would kill us...
...and dance about on our graves,
singing "Hallelujah."
And you try and tell
the young people of today that...
-...and they won't believe you.
- No, they won't.
There may be no score,
but there's no lack of excitement here.
As you can see, Nietzsche has just been
booked for arguing with the referee.
He accused Confucius of having
no free will and Confucius, he say:
"Name go in box."
And this is Nietzsche's third booking
in four games.
And who's that? It's Karl Marx.
Karl Marx is warming up.
It looks as though there's going to be
a substitution on the German side.
Obviously, manager Martin Luther
has decided on all-out attackers.
Indeed he must with only two minutes
of the match to go.
The question is,
who is he going to replace?
Who's gonna come off?
Jaspers, Hegel or Schopenhauer.
But it's Wittgenstein who saw his aunty
only last week.
Here's Marx. Let's see if he can
put some life into this German attack.
Evidently not.
What a shame.
Now we've just over a minute left.
A replay on Tuesday...
...looks absolutely vital.
And there Archimedes.
And I think he's had an idea.
Eureka!
Archimedes out to Socrates.
Socrates back to Archimedes.
Archimedes out to Heraclitus.
He beats Hegel.
Heraclitus, a little flick,
here he comes on the far post.
Socrates is there.
Socrates heads it in!
Socrates has scored.
The Greeks are going mad.
What a beautiful cross from Archimedes.
The Germans are disputing it.
Hegel is arguing...
...that the reality is merely an a priori
adjunct of non-naturalistic ethics.
Kant is holding that, ontologically,
it exists only in the imagination.
And Marx is claiming it was offside.
But Confucius blows the final whistle.
It's all over. Germany having trounced
England's famous midfield trio:
Bentham, Locke and Hobbes
in the semifinal...
...have been beaten by the odd goal.
And let's see it again.
There it is. Socrates heads it in
and Leibniz doesn't have a chance.
And just look
at those delighted Greeks.
There they are, "Chopper" Socrates,
Empedocles of Acragus.
What a game he had.
And Epicurus is there.
And Socrates, the captain...
...who scored what was probably
the most important goal of his career.
Good afternoon, sir.
May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to have an argument,
please.
Certainly, sir.
Have you been here before?
- No, this is my first time.
- I see.
Well, do you want to have
Just one argument...
...or were you thinking
of taking a course?
- Well, what is the cost?
- Yes.
It's one pound
for a five-minute argument...
...but only eight pounds
for a course of 10.
I'll just try the one
and see how it goes.
- Fine. Yes, try Mr. Barnard, Room 12.
- Thank you very much.
- What do you want?
- Well, I--
Don't give me that.
- Snotty heap of parrot droppings.
- What?
Shut your festering gob, you tit.
Your type make me puke...
...you vacuous, toffee-nosed,
malodorous pervert.
Listen, I came here
for an argument. I--
Oh, I'm sorry, but this is Abuse.
- Oh, I see. Terribly sorry.
- No, you want Room 12A, next door.
- I see. Thank you very much.
- Not at all.
Stupid git.
Is this the right room
for an argument?
- I've told you once.
- No, you haven't.
- Yes, I have.
- When?
- Just now.
- No, you didn't.
- Yes, I did.
- You didn't.
- I did.
- No. You must certainly did not.
Is this the five-minute
argument or the half-hour?
- I see. Just the five minutes.
- Just the five minutes. Right.
Thank you.
- Anyway, I did.
- Oh, no, you didn't.
Let's get one thing absolutely clear.
I definitely told you.
- No, you didn't. No, you didn't.
- Yes, I did. Yes, I did.
- Yes, I did. I did.
- No. No. No, you didn't.
- Yes. Yes. Yes, I did.
Look, this Isn't an argument.
- Yes, it is.
- No, it isn't.
- It's contradiction.
- It isn't.
- It is. You just contradicted me.
- I did not.
- You did just then.
- No, no, no.
- Nonsense.
- Oh, this is futile.
- No, it isn't.
- Yes, it is.
- I came here for a good argument.
- No.
- You came here for an argument.
- An argument isn't contradiction.
Well, can be.
No, an argument is a series
of statements intended...
-...to establish a proposition.
- No, it isn't.
- Yes. It isn't just contradiction.
- Look, if I argue with you...
...I must take up a contrary position.
Yes, it isn't just saying,
"No, it isn't."
- Yes, it is. Yes, it is. Yes, it is.
- No, it isn't. No, it isn't. No, it isn't.
Argument is an intellectual process.
Contradiction is automatic gainsaying
of anything the person says.
- It is not. Not at all.
- It is.
- Now, look--
- Thank you, good morning.
- What?
- That's it. Good morning.
- But I was just getting interested.
- I'm sorry. The five minutes is up.
- That was never five minutes.
- I'm afraid it was.
Oh, no, it wasn't.
I'm sorry, I'm not allowed
to argue anymore.
What?
If you want to go on,
you'll have to pay for another five.
That was never five minutes
Just now.
Oh, come on.
- Ridiculous.
- If you want me to go on...
...pay for another five minutes.
Oh, all right.
- Here you are.
- Thank you.
Well?
- Well, what?
- That was never five minutes.
If you want me to go on,
pay for another five minutes.
Yes, yes, well,
I've just paid.
No, you didn't.
- I did. I did. I did.
- You did not. You did not.
- You never did. You never did.
- I did. I did.
- We're not going to argue about this.
- I'm very sorry, but you didn't.
Well, if I didn't pay,
why are you arguing?
Gotcha.
- No, you haven't.
- Yes, I have.
- If you're arguing, I must have paid.
- Not necessarily.
I could be arguing in my spare time.
- I've had enough.
- You haven't.
- Yes, I have. Yes, I have.
- No, you haven't. No, you haven't.
I've got two legs from my hips
To the ground
And when I lift them
They walk around
They climb the stairs
And when I shave them
They ain't got hairs
How sweet to be an idiot
As harmless as a cloud
Too small to hide the sun
Almost poking fun
At the warm but insecure
Untidy crowd
How sweet to be an idiot
And dip my brain in joy
Children laughing at my back
with no fear of attack
As much retaliation as a toy
How sweet to be an idiot
How sweet
I tiptoe down the street
Smile at everyone I meet
But suddenly a scream
Smashes through my dream
I smell the blood of an asylum
Hey you, you're such a pedant
You got as much brain
as a dead ant
As much imagination
As a caravan site
But I still love you
Still love you
How sweet to be an idiot
How sweet
- Good morning.
Have you come to arrange a holiday
or would you like a blowjob?
I'm sorry?
- Oh, you've come to arrange a holiday.
- Yes.
Sorry, sorry.
Now, where were you thinking
of going?
- To India. Yes.
- One of our adventure holidays.
- Yes, that's right.
- Well...
...you'd better see Mr. Bounder.
Mr. Bounder, this gentleman's
interested in the India overland...
...and nothing else.
- Hello, I'm Bounder of Adventure.
- Oh, hello...
...my name's Smoketoomuch.
- What?
- My name is Smoketoomuch.
- Mr. Smoketoomuch.
- Well...
...you'd better cut down a little, then.
- I'm sorry?
- You'd better cut down a little, then.
Oh, I see. I smoke too much,
so I'd better cut down a little, then.
Yes. I bet you get people making jokes
about your name all the time.
No, actually, It never struck me before.
Smoketoomuch.
Anyway, you're interested
in one of our holidays?
Yes, that's right. I saw your advert
in the "blassifled" ads.
- The what?
- In The Times' "blassifled" ads.
The Times' classified ads?
Yes, that's right.
I'm afraid I have a speech impediment.
I can't pronounce the letter B.
- C.
- Yes, that's right, B.
It's all due to a trauma I suffered
when I was a "sboolboy."
I was attacked by a Siamese bat.
- A Siamese cat.
- No, a Siamese bat.
They're more dangerous.
- Listen, can you say the letter K?
- Oh, yes.
Khakl, kettle, Kipling, Khomeini,
Kellogg's "Born" Flakes.
Well, why don't you say the letter K
Instead of the letter C?
What, you mean,
pronounce "blassifled" with a K?
Yes, absolutely.
- Classified.
- Good.
Oh, that's very good.
I never thought of that before.
What a silly "bunt.”
- Now then, about the holiday. We have--
- Yes, well...
...I've been on package tours
many times.
- Your advert really "baught" my eye.
- Jolly good.
What's the point if you're
just gonna be treated like a sheep?
Carted around in buses, surrounded by
oafs from Kettering and "Boventry.”
- Absolutely--
- Their "bloth baps"...
...their "bardigans" and radios,
"bomplaining" about tea...
...they don't make it properly,
do they?
And stopping at endless
bodegas selling fish and chips...
...and Watney's Red Barrel
and calamaris and two veg.
Sitting in their sun frocks...
...squirting Timothy White's
sun cream over puffy...
...raw, swollen, purulent flesh because
they overdid it on the first day.
- I know.
- And being herded into wilderness...
...Hotel Miramars, and Bellevueses,
and "Bontinentals."
Their international luxury
modern roomettes.
Pools full of draught Red Barrel.
Fat German businessmen pretending...
...to be acrobats
and forming pyramids.
Frightening children
and barging into queues.
If you're not at your table
spot-on 7...
...you miss your
Campbell's Cream of Mushroom soup...
...the first in the menu
of international cuisine.
- Absolutely. Now--
- Thursday night, there's cabaret...
...featuring some tiny,
emaciated dago with 9-inch hips...
...and some fat, bloated tart
with her hair Brylcreemed down...
...and a big ass presenting
flamenco for foreigners.
- Be quiet.
- Adenoidal typists...
...from Birmingham with flabby legs
and dlarrhoea trying to pick up hairy...
...bandy-legged wop waiters
called Manuel.
Once a week there's an excursion
to the Roman remains.
You buy cherryade
and melted ice cream.
- Quiet. Shut up.
- Watley's Red Barrel.
One night they take you to a restaurant
with local atmosphere and colour.
You st next to a party from Rhyl
who sing:
I love the Costa Brava
Shut up.
You get cornered
by some drunken greengrocer...
...with an instamatic camera
and last Tuesday's Daily Express.
He goes on about how Ian Smith
should be running the country...
...and how many languages
Margaret Powell can speak.
She throws up
all over the Cuba Libres.
Then spending four days
at Luton Airport...
...on a five-day package tour.
Nothing to eat...
...but dry,
British Airways-type sandwiches.
You can't get Watley's Red Barrel.
In England, the bloody bar closes...
...every time you're thirsty.
The kids are crying and vomiting
and breaking the plastic ashtrays.
They keep telling you
it'll only be an hour.
You know your plane
is still in Iceland.
They had to turn back and take--
Shut up.
--Take a party of Swedes
to Yugoslavia...
...before they load you up at 3 a.m.
in the morning.
You sit on the tarmac because
there are unforeseen difficulties...
...i.e. the permanent strike
of air-traffic control over Paris.
When you finally get
to Málaga airport...
...everybody's queuing
for the bloody toilet.
Queuing for the bloody armed
customs officers...
...for the bus that isn't there...
...waiting to take you
to the hotel that hasn't been built.
When you finally get to the half-built
Algerian ruin...
...called the Hotel Del Sol,
by paying half your holiday money...
...to a licensed bandit in a taxi,
there's no water in the pool...
...no water in the bog,
no water in the taps...
...there's only a lizard in the bidet
and the rooms are double-booked.
You can't sleep because
of the permanent, 24-hour drilling...
...of the foundations
of the hotel next door.
Meanwhile, the Spanish National
Tourist Board promises you...
...the raging cholera epidemic...
...is merely a mild outbreak
of Spanish tummy...
...rather like the previous outbreak
in 1660.
Even the bloody rats are dying
from it.
As early as the late 14th century...
...or indeed as late
as the early 14th century...
...the earliest forms of jape
were divisible--
Meanwhile, the Guardia are busy
arresting 16-year-olds...
...for kissing in the street.
And finally,
the last day in the airport lounge...
...everybody's buying little, awful,
horrid donkeys with their names on...
...and bullfight posters
with their names on...
...like Antonio and Mr. Brian Pules
of Norwich.
And then finally, when you get
to bloody Luton...
...the flight's grounded for four hours
till they find a plane to take you back.
And when you finally
get to Manchester...
...there's only another bloody bus
you have to wait 60 years for.
As early as the late 14th century...
...or indeed as late
as the early 14th century...
...the earliest forms of jape...
...were divisible into the two categories
into which I now intend to divide them.
The earliest manifestation of the basic,
simple precipitation jest incurred...
...as will be seen
from the demonstration...
...a disproportional amount of internal
risibility on the part of the operator.
The secondary
precipitation occurs...
...when both protagonist and dupe
are located indoors.
It is true, however,
that this has involved...
...the development
of a special piece of machinery.
But it is still no more than a simple
variation of primary precipitation.
The opening up
of the African continent...
...revealed a vast new source
of wealth for humourous exploitation.
We are to see demonstrated...
...how this was adapted
to the basic precipitation jape.
We now come on to a considerate--
We now come on
to a consideration...
...of the more sophisticated
transitive mode of japing.
In which, as we'll observe, the operator
or inceptor remains totally unaware...
...of the humourous implications
of his action.
First, we are to see
the simple sideswipe or whop.
Hey, Vance.
Next, the sideswipe and return.
And now,
the double-sideswipe and return.
Hey, Vance.
Popular as this jest has always been,
however...
...it cannot compare
with the ribald connotations...
...associated with the dispatch
of an edible missile.
First, the simple straightforward
offensive deposit.
Second, the simple
sideways offensive deposit.
Next, the simple surprise deposit.
And now the foul pie.
Could we have new pies, please?
Finally, we move on to the interesting
but little-known variant...
...nominally designated
the three-course complex.
But finally, we must not forget...
...the enjoyment, the satisfaction
and the edification...
...to be derived from the simple,
straightforward...
...sideways,
completely unexpected deposit.
Once upon a time, there was
a little house in a dark forest.
In this house,
lived a humble woodcutter and his wife.
And their pretty daughter,
Little Red Riding Hood.
And in the middle of this deep,
dark forest, there lived a vicious wolf.
One day, Little Red Riding Hood
set off to take some things...
...to her old grandmother
who lived deep in the forest.
The vicious wolf saw
Little Red Riding Hood and thought:
"She looks very good to eat.
Where are you going, my pretty one?"
"Oh, kind sir.
To my grandmother's."
Smirked the wicked wolf.
And dashed off through the forest
to Grandmother's house.
Knock, knock, knock
went the wicked wolf.
The door opened wide.
But it wasn't Grandmother
who opened it.
It was Buzz Aldrin,
America's number two spaceman.
For this was not
Granny's little house at all...
...but the headquarters of NASA,
the American space research agency.
The wicked wolf
was shot by security guards.
So all was quiet in the forest again.
The humble woodcutter
and his wife...
...sold their story to Der Spiegel
for 40,000 Deutschmarks.
NASA agreed to limit the number of
nuclear tests in Granny's little house...
...to two on Thursdays
and one on Saturdays after tea.
Liberal rubbish.
What do you want
with your jugged fish, Klaus?
Pardon, my wide-thighed plum?
What do you want with
your jugged fish, you cloth-eared git.
Halibut.
A jugged fish is halibut.
All right. Well, what fish do you have
that is not jugged?
Rabbit.
What, rabbit fish?
Nice, all covered in fur.
Well, is it dead?
Well, it was coughing up blood
last night.
All right. I'll have
the dead, unjugged, rabbit fish.
- Appalling.
- You're always complaining.
What's for afterwards?
Well, there's rat pie, rat pudding,
rat sorbet...
...or strawberry tart.
Strawberry tart?
Well, it's got some rat in it.
- How much?
- Six.
Rather lot, really.
I'll have a slice
without so much rat in it.
Appalling.
Moan, moan, moan.
- Hello, Mum. Hello, Dad.
- Hello, son.
There's a dead bishop on the landing.
- Where is he from?
- What do you mean?
What's his diocese?
Well, he looked
a bit Canterbury-ish to me.
I'll go and have a look.
I don't know who keeps
bringing them here.
Well, it's not me.
I put three out by the trash cans
last week.
The garbage men won't touch them.
It's the bishop of Leicester.
- How do you know?
- Tattooed on the back of his neck.
1 think I'd better call the police.
- Shouldn't you call the church?
- Call the church police.
That's a good idea.
The church police.
Hello, hello, hello.
What's all this, then? Amen.
- Are you the church police?
- Oh, yes.
There's another dead bishop
on the landing, vicar-sergeant.
Detective-parson, madam.
- What Is It, R.C. or C. of E.?
- How should I know?
Tattooed on the back of their neck.
Here.
Is that rat tart?
Yes.
Disgusting. Right, men.
The hunt is on.
Let us kneel In prayer.
Oh, Lord.
Oh, Lord. We beseech thee.
Tell us who croaked
the bishop of Leicester.
The one in the braces. He done it.
- It's a fair cop, but society is to blame.
- Right. We'll arrest them instead.
Come on, you. Are you in society?
Are you in society?
Right. We'd like to conclude
this arrest with an hymn.
I never wanted to be
in such a shambolic sketch.
I always wanted to be a lumberjack.
Leaping from tree to tree.
As they float down
the mighty rivers of British Columbia.
The larch, the redwood,
the mighty sequoia.
With my best girl by my side.
The giant deadwood, the spruce.
The little Californian rude tree.
We sing, sing, sing.
I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay
I sleep all night and I work all day
He's a lumberjack and he's okay
He sleeps all night and he works all day
I cut down trees, I eat my lunch
I go to the lavatory
On Wednesdays, I go shopping
And have buttered scones for tea
He cuts down trees, he eats his lunch
He goes to the lavatory
On Wednesdays, he goes shopping
And has buttered scones for tea
I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay
I sleep all night and I work all day
I cut down trees, I skip and jump
I like to press wildflowers
I put on women's clothing
And hang around in bars
He cuts down trees, he skips and jumps
He likes to press wildflowers
He puts on women's clothing
And hangs around in bars?
--A lumberjack and I'm okay
I sleep all night and I work all day
I cut down trees, I wear high heels
Suspenders and a bra
I wish I'd been a girly
Just like my dear papa
He cuts down trees, he wears high heels
Suspenders and a bra?
What kind of goddamn pervert are you?
You lousy, commie, fairy, faggot.
I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay
I sleep all night and I work all day